= xenium (born sep 2008 - still immature!)

http://github.com/mbailey/xenium

== DESCRIPTION:

xenium is a web application for managing Xen virtual servers. It makes 
use of the ruby-xen library to interact with Xend.

xenium means "A present given to a guest or stranger, or to a foreign ambassador."
I would love to hear from any guests, strangers (or foreign ambassadors) who find it useful.


== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Xenium makes use of Ara Howard's BackgroundJob gem to process tasks that
  would otherwise leave your browser hanging (like creating or backing up a 
  slice).

== SYNOPSIS:

  FIX (code sample of usage)

== REQUIREMENTS:

ruby-xen  (http://github.com/mbailey/ruby-xen)
xen-tools (http://www.xen-tools.org/software/xen-tools/)

== INSTALL:

All the following commands are run on your workstation and use Capistrano/deprec
to install and configure the required software. You'll need ruby and rubygems installed
locally and can then install deprec with the following command:

  sudo gem install deprec

# Install Xen and required tools on fresh ubuntu host using deprec (www.deprec.org)

  cap deprec:xen:install
  cap deprec:ubuntu:upgrade
  cap deprec:ubuntu:restart

# Install Xenium

  git clone git://github.com/mbailey/xenium.git
  cd xenium
  cp config/deploy.rb-example config/deploy.rb

# Edit deploy.rb

  # Specify the domain name Xenium should be served on.

	set :domain, "host.example.com"

  # Update these if you're not running everything on the host specified above.

	role :app, domain
	role :web, domain
	role :db,  domain, :primary => true

# Install a full Rails stack and start Xenium:

  cap install_xenium

# Login to the Xenium web interface!


#
# Optional: A nicer way to run backgroundrb
#

Uncomment the following line in environment.rb:

  Bj.config["development.no_tickle"] = true

and add create the following file on the server:

  # /etc/cron.d/xenium
  SHELL=/bin/bash
  PATH=/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/sbin:/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin
  MAILTO=root # replace with your email address
  HOME=/
  */15 * * * * root bj run --forever --rails_env=production --rails_root=/opt/apps/xenium/current


== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Mike Bailey

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
